website: remove legacy provider docs index (#29134)
hashicorp/terraform: website/docs/configuration-0-11/providers.html.md

`aws` provider.

Within the block body (between `{ }`) is configuration for the provider.

> The configuration is dependent on the type, and is described

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The configuration is dependent on the type. Consult the [provider's documentation](https://registry.terraform.io/browse/providers) for details. 
```
